I'm Francesco Manfredi Director
marketing of the bride a company that
this year it is 50 years old and continues
started a branding process of
retail development and that sees today the
result of a year's work
today we present below 100 square meters
15 kitchen models of which three are new
a concept with a German partner is
a company that will invest in 2014 7
million in marketing and
communication and that you always want to
more position on the market being the
fourth kitchen company in Italy is a
also invests a lot in development
commercial abroad only healthy David
sales manager of strese cucine
here you see model never produced the
new laminate material finish in
oak jeans combination then of
textured and laminated finishes and a wood
a true Slavonian oak that is
state that embellishes a kitchen
simple the theme as you see of the fair
that of having these
settings with a dedicated style
product for product that give one
characterization such an urban style
called that is just what
we wanted to depict represent here
instead model york and we say in the
more complete representation then
always a social garage style intended
questante colorless bleached wood
complemented by handles that finish
we call pewter by remembering a little
those products that were used over the years
seventy here we made a hood that
we call i designed by our studio
of design that always ended up in this
aged metal is okay
style that we wanted to bring up
all the setting on the whole e
city model
the kitchen also a living area an area
living and is further complimented
from this re modular base in metal
which somewhat describes the pantry a day
that was used in the 60s in the 70s
with all the elements in view in this
setting we represented with
the dolce vita model a classic style
especially suitable for foreign markets e
markets that love this taste
embellished by them with gold thread
from the door the wood that is coated on the
which this passepartout is left
efi them and with this handle with the
swarovski inserted
everything was carefully chosen
also a marble top top
with a frontal shape that resumes
the colors are a bit scaled
of the gold part
here we also have a hood a drawing
ornamental always made by ours
architects is represented with a
I always walk with an elegant passepartout
all the kitchen then has in his
setting a dining room with a
wooden color counter always with a
gold board and a column area and an area
table with dining room is an area
columns with a table just from room da
dining room style dining room that
complement the entire kitchen area
confined so let's say international